[docs] Update page creation docs for new file system-based APIs (#25443)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/routing.md

Gatsby makes it easy to programmatically control your pages. Pages can be created in three ways:

- Gatsby core automatically turns React components in `src/pages` into pages

> - In your site's gatsby-node.js by implementing the API [`createPages`](/docs/node-apis/#createPages) (This is an advanced feature)

Reviewer: Since now the first option is by far more important than the other two, I think it's better to get rid of the list (that kind of implies the options are equivalent), e.g.

> The standard way to define a page in your site is to create new file defining a React component in `src/pages`. Each such file will automatically be turned into one or several pages. 
> 
> For more advanced use cases, it's possible to create pages programmatically using the [`createPages` API](/docs/node-apis/#createPages). This can be done either in your project code or by a plugin.

This has nothing to do with your change but I find the terminology confusing: this document is about "Routing" and the section is called "creating routes" but it only talks about how to create pages. Either the title should be renamed or we should add a sentence explaining "When routing, a route is automatically created for each page" or something. But I'm not sure the page/route distinction is even relevant in this context.

Note that if no `index.js` file exists in a particular directory that root page does not exist, and attempts to navigate to it will land you on a [404 page](/docs/add-404-page/). For example, `yoursite.com/information/contact` may exist, but that does not guarantee `yoursite.com/information` exists.

> 

Reviewer: I'd add a new subtitle here.

> To create several pages from a data model, you can use the `createPagesFromData` macro with the collection builder route. For example, if you have a graphql model for products called `Product`. To create a page for each product, create a file inside `src/pages` at whatever route you would like (e.g., `/products/{name}.js` or `/products/{id}.js`). Inside of the file, the default export must use the gatsby `createPagesFromData` macro. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also have a single file in `src/pages` automatically create multiple pages based on a GraphQL query, for example a product page for each of a list of products. This uses the `createPagesFromData` macro with the collection builder route. 

For example, if you have a GraphQL model called `Product` and wish to create a page for each product, create a file inside `src/pages` at whatever route you would like (e.g., `/products/{name}.js` or `/products/{id}.js`). The default export of the file should be the `createPagesFromData` macro applied to your page component:
```

```js:title=/src/pages/products{name}.js
import { createPagesFromData, graphql } from "gatsby"

function ProductComponent() {
  /* ... */
}

export default createPagesFromData(ProductComponent, `Product`)

export const ProductPageQuery = graphql`
  query ($name: String) {
    Product(name: { $eq: $name }) {
      id
      name
    }
  }
`
```

See the documentation [Collection Page Builder]() for more detail.

To create a client side only route, you can use `[]` as interpolation keys as a file path inside `src/pages` (e.g., `users/[id].js`). See the documentation for [client-only routes](/docs/client-only-routes-and-user-authentication) for more detail.

### Pages created with `createPage` action

Another way to create pages is in your `gatsby-node.js` file using the `createPage` action, a JavaScript function. When pages are defined this way, the path is explicitly set. For example:

> _Note: This is an advanced feature and most use-case can be handled by creating pages in the `src/pages` directory_

Reviewer: Is it possible to give an example of such a use case? Should we maybe mention that it used to be a standard way of creating pages but is no longer?
